Daddy won't let me marry Mommy.
Well, it's not that simple, Mason.
The last woman I am married didn't love you, too.
Or me, for that matter.
She only wanted my money.
And I don't want to put you two through that again.
Mommy's a lace-up.
How do you know that?
You met her yesterday.
We can make a test.
Yes.
A daddy pretends to be poor.
The mom is to marry, so they can be married for real life.
That's actually not a bad idea.
You two are pretty smart, huh?
They get it from Mommy's side.
Well, I'll go tell Mommy the good news.
Are you sure she's a real mommy?
1,000 per second.
I've been dreaming of her my whole life.
Where are you getting the Mommy?
Daddy's my dog, Bertie.
Yay!